h1. CHANGELOG

h3. 0.6.4 November 4, 2015

* fix 'Modern Business' theme to accommodate Devise or OmniAuth

h3. 0.6.3 November 4, 2015

* modify Bootstrap layouts to accommodate Devise or OmniAuth

h3. 0.6.2 October 26, 2015

* add 'Business Frontpage' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Blog Home' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Heroic Features' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'One Page Wonder' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Round About' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Small Business' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'The Big Picture' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Thumbnail Gallery' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Full Width Pics' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add '1 Col Portfolio' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add '2 Col Portfolio' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add '3 Col Portfolio' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add '4 Col Portfolio' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Modern Business' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Simple Sidebar' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Stylish Portfolio' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Portfolio Item' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Business Casual' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Shop Homepage' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Shop Item' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Landing Page' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Clean Blog' theme from startbootstrap.com
* add 'Blog Post' theme from startbootstrap.com to blog_home theme

h3. 0.6.0 May 10, 2015

* add 'Bare' theme from startbootstrap.com

h3. 0.5.16 April 27, 2015

* 'before_filter' becomes 'before_action' for upcoming Rails 5.0

h3. 0.5.15 September 14, 2014

* generate a navlink for Upmin using the 'rails_layout' gem instead

h3. 0.5.14 September 14, 2014

* add generator for Upmin for an admin interface

h3. 0.5.13 August 27, 2014

* support 'rails-devise-roles' example application

h3. 0.5.12 August 14, 2014

* minor change to routes for OmniAuth user pages

h3. 0.5.11 July 13, 2014

* generate JavaScript for analytics

h3. 0.5.10 July 2, 2014

* don't generate a home page if it already exists
* generate routes for OmniAuth for users pages

h3. 0.5.9 June 30, 2014

* use new style routes syntax

h3. 0.5.8 June 26, 2014

* don't set routes for OmniAuth applications

h3. 0.5.7 June 26, 2014

* remove 'capture email' feature from rails-omniauth example application

h3. 0.5.6 June 19, 2014

* add files to integrate Pundit with OmniAuth

h3. 0.5.5 June 19, 2014

* don't generate 'users' pages when generating 'authorized' pages

h3. 0.5.4 June 19, 2014

* generate a home page to accompany the 'about' page
* replace 'lorem ipsum' with an informative description

h3. 0.5.3 June 17, 2014

* Devise permitted parameters moved to 'config/initializers/devise_permitted_parameters.rb'

h3. 0.5.2 June 14, 2014

* updated policy for Pundit example

h3. 0.5.1 June 13, 2014

* updated User controller and policy for Pundit example

h3. 0.5.0 June 6, 2014

* tests for Devise are now available in the rails_apps_testing gem (removed here)

h3. 0.4.9 June 5, 2014

* minor improvement for Devise 'delete user' test for RSpec 3.0

h3. 0.4.8 June 4, 2014

* skip a slow test when using RSpec with Devise

h3. 0.4.7 June 4, 2014

* "require 'rails_helper'" not needed when it is included in the '.rspec' file

h3. 0.4.6 June 2, 2014

* update for RSpec 3.0

h3. 0.4.5 May 31, 2014

* user pages for OmniAuth

h3. 0.4.4 May 13, 2014

* RSpec tests that use Warden test helpers need a reset action

h3. 0.4.3 May 10, 2014

* use Devise 'lazy way' to add name attribute to permitted parameters

h3. 0.4.2 May 10, 2014

* additional 'devise' tags for RSpec tests

h3. 0.4.1 May 10, 2014

* add 'devise' tag to RSpec tests
* change 'log in' to 'sign in' and 'logout' to 'sign out'

h3. 0.4.0 May 6, 2014

* generate tests when RSpec is installed
* update Users controller to deny access to other users' profiles

h3. 0.3.1 May 2, 2014

* add a generator for an 'About' page

h3. 0.3.0 May 1, 2014

* add Devise registrations controller for 'users' and 'authorized' generators

h3. 0.2.0 May 1, 2014

* fixes for 'authorized' generator

h3. 0.1.0 May 1, 2014

* initial release
